FilePicker : Add clearAll story (#532)
okp4/ui: stories/organisms/components/filePicker/FilePicker.stories.mdx

<ArgsTable story="Overview" />

## Clear all

The `clearAll` property allows the user to add a link to delete all selected files.  

> This link appears automatically if at leat two files have been selected.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This link appears automatically if at least two files have been selected.
```

<ArgsTable story="Overview" />

## Clear all

> The `clearAll` property allows the user to add a link to delete all selected files.  

Reviewer 2: For me, the term "link" is to be avoided because it could be thought that it acts as a real html `link` and would take the user to another page to delete the selected files. But I'm not sure if my remark is relevant !

This text appears automatically if at least two files have been selected.  

> By default the `clearAll` value is `true`.

Reviewer 3: I didn't notice that in the `FilePicker` implementation, but IMHO it would be better to revert the behavior and initialize the `clearAll` property to `false`.
In the interests of seeking the richest possible User eXperience, it is preferable not to force a behavior but rather to bring about ways to modify it.

Author: > > > @JoeyDjr By the way, I missed a comment in my review, I think we should rename also the `clearAll` property into `showClearAll` because the purpose is completely different depending on the name used.
> > > `clearAll` refers to the action itself `showClearAll` refers to the display of the button
> > > What do you think @ccamel @lolottetheclash @ErikssonJoakim ?
> > 
> > 
> > I agree but IMO something like `hasClearAll` makes more sense
> 
> Or maybe `isClearable`?

I think we loose the "all" aspect with this name

I think `showClearAll` is the best, or `displayClearAll`

<ArgsTable story="Overview" />

## Clear all

Need to delete all uploaded files at once?  
We thought it would be handy to offer you a turnkey way to do it!  

> For that, you can enable the `showClearAll` property (by giving it `true`) and that's it!
> The displayed text is themed and planned to fit harmoniously above the list.
> By default the `showClearAll` value is `false`.

Reviewer 4: Just small remark but values should be in bold as specified by the [wiki](https://github.com/okp4/ui/wiki/Create-A-Story).

I would also like to take the opportunity to suggest some changes and adding description about the `showClearAll` internationalisation.

```suggestion
For that, you only have to pass `showClearAll` to the filePicker and that's it!
The displayed text is themed and internationalized (english and french) and fits harmoniously above the list.
By default the `showClearAll` value is **false**.
```

Author: Ok
Will be done in this PR : https://github.com/okp4/ui/pull/534
